Quiz App Questions & Answers


Whose catchphrase is 'It's clobberin' time'?        
Choices: Thing, Venom, Hulk, Dr. Strange
Correct Answer: Thing


Which of These Villians was a member of the original Sinister Six.        
Choices: Scorpion, Magneto, Sentry, Galactus
Correct Answer: Scorpion


Which antihero is known as the 'Merc with a Mouth'?
Choices: Molecule Man, Deadpool, Captain America, Dum Dum Dugan         
Correct Answer: Deadpool


What metal alloy is bonded to Wolverine's skeleton?
Choices: Tin, Adamantium, Vibranium, Unobtanium        
Correct Answer: Adamantium


Black Panther hails from what fictional African nation?
Choices: Wakanada, Asgard, Wakanda, Vormir        
Correct Answer: Wakanda


Norrin Radd is better known by what superhero name?
Choices: Silver Surfer, Winter Soldier, Kraven the Hunter, Captain America         
Correct Answer: Silver Surfer


Nick Fury is a leading agent for what espionage agency?
Choices: CIA, SHIELD, UN, KGB        
Correct Answer: SHIELD


Dormammu is primarily an enemy of which Marvel hero?
Choices: Spider-Man, Dr. Strange, Nick Fury, Cable        
Correct Answer: Dr. Strange


What kind of radiation turned Bruce Banner into the Hulk?
Choices: Microwaves, Gamma Rays, Cosmic, Vita-Rays         
Correct Answer: Gamma Rays


Who portrayed Gamora in 2014's Guardians of the Galaxy?
Choices: Scarlett Johanson, Zoe Saldana, Robert Downey Jr., Zendaya        
Correct Answer: Zoe Saldana


The Green Goblin killed which love interest of Peter Parker?
Choices: Aunt May, Mary Jane, Gwen Stacy, Jean Grey        
Correct Answer: Gwen Stacy


Which character is known for the 'bamf' teleportation sound?
Choices: Nightcrawler, Cloak, Cable, Blink        
Correct Answer: Nightcrawler


What symbiotic entity debuted in Amazing Spider-Man #252?
Choices: Venom, Brood, Mojo, Groot        


Wesley Snipes played what Marvel character in a film trilogy?
Choices: Galactus, Blade, Moon Knight, Mephisto        


Who was the Brotherhood of Mutants' founder/original leader?
Choices: Magneto, Reed Richards, Wolverine, Mystique